docs(caching): add new Joins between Pre-Aggregations section (#3654)
cube-js/cube.js: docs/content/Caching/Using-Pre-Aggregations.mdx

(such as AWS Athena and BigQuery). Repeatedly querying for this data can easily
rack up costs.

## Joins between pre-aggregations

<WarningBox>

This feature is in Preview and the API may change in a future release.

</WarningBox>

When making a query that joins data from two different cubes, Cube can use
pre-aggregations instead of running the base SQL queries. To get started, first
ensure both cubes have valid pre-aggregations:

```javascript
// Orders
cube(`Orders`, {
  sql: `SELECT * FROM public.orders`,

  ...,

  preAggregations: {
    ordersRollup: {
      measures: [CUBE.count],
      dimensions: [CUBE.userId, CUBE.status],
      timeDimension: CUBE.createdAt,
      granularity: `day`,
    },
  },

  joins: {
    Users: {
      sql: `${CUBE.userId} = ${Users.id}`,
      relationship: `belongsTo`
    },
  },
});

// Users
cube(`Users`, {
  sql: `SELECT * FROM public.users`,

  ...,

  preAggregations: {
    usersRollup: {
      dimensions: [CUBE.id, CUBE.name],
    },
  },
});
```

> Before we move on, let's add an index to the `ordersRollup` pre-aggregation so

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before we continue, let's add an index to the `ordersRollup` pre-aggregation so
```

that the `rollupJoin` pre-aggregation can work correctly:

```javascript
cube(`Orders`, {
  ...,

  preAggregations: {
    ordersRollup: {
      ...,
      indexes: {
        userIndex: {
          columns: [CUBE.userId],
        },
      },
    },
  },
});
```

Now we can add a new pre-aggregation of type `rollupJoin` to the `Orders` cube:

```javascript
cube(`Orders`, {
  ...,

  preAggregations: {
    ordersWithUsersRollup: {
      type: `rollupJoin`,
      measures: [CUBE.count],
      dimensions: [Users.name],
      timeDimension: CUBE.createdAt,
      granularity: `day`,
      rollups: [Users.usersRollup, CUBE.ordersRollup],
    },
  },
});
```

> With all the above set up, making a query such as the following will now use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With all of the above setup, making a query such as the following will now use
```
